changing to task decorator in docs from classic operator use (#25711)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/concepts/dags.rst

Branching
~~~~~~~~~

You can make use of branching in order to tell the DAG *not* to run all dependent tasks, but instead to pick and choose one or more paths to go down. This is where the ``@task.branch`` decorator come in.

> The ``@task.branch`` is much like the ``@task`` decorator except that it expects a ``python_callable`` that returns a task_id (or list of task_ids). The task_id returned is followed, and all of the other paths are skipped. It can also return None to skip all downstream task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``@task.branch`` decorator is much like ``@task``, except that it expects the decorated function to return an ID to a task (or a list of IDs). The specified task is followed, while all other paths are skipped. It can also return *None* to skip all downstream tasks.
```

.. warning::

>     The ``@task.branch`` decorator is recommended over the classic :class:`~airflow.operators.python.BranchPythonOperator`.

Reviewer: This probably should be a `note`, `warning` is a bit strong.

Reviewer: This note can probably be moved to under the part where we mention subclassing `BranchPythonOperator`, and say something like this instead:

> The `@task.branch` decorator is recommended over directly instantiating `BranchPythonOperator` in a DAG. The latter should generally only be subclassed to implement a custom operator.

        )

        run_this_first = EmptyOperator(task_id="run_this_first", dag=dag)

>         @task.branch(task_id="branching")
>         def branching():
>             return "branch_a"
> 
>         
>         branching = branching()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        @task.branch(task_id="branching")
        def do_branching():
            return "branch_a"

        
        branching = do_branching()
```

Using the same name for the function and task should be discouraged

Author: @uranusjr Is there any specific reason why function and task should not have the same name?

Reviewer: One reason is that Mypy would complain since the types of the two are not compatible.
